Updates Based on User Feedback (#76)
bcgov/public-cloud-techdocs: docs/azure/design-build-deploy/user-management.md

Last updated: **{{ git_revision_date_localized }}**

> This guide provides an overview of user management in the Azure Landing Zone, specifically tailored for Product Owners (POs) and Technical Leads (TLs) who have been granted a restricted Owner role on the Project Set Management Group. This role is inherited on the subscriptions within the Project Set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how Product Owners (POs) and Technical Leads (TLs) can manage users in the Azure Landing Zone. It focuses on those with a restricted Owner role on the Project Set Management Group, which applies to the subscriptions within the Project Set.
```
